Genti:
The main aim of this application is to help the customers, tourists in this case, visit the most amazing destinations of our country, Albania.
We can achieve this by showing a great way of communication, which is done online through our platform.
Our main priority is the satisfaction of our beloved customers.
We will be able to answer to their requests each moment they need help.
We are also looking forward to seeing any suggestions, so we can improve our app.
Available: 24/7
Check the link down below:
https://join.slack.com/t/albaniantradition/shared_invite/zt-pd97kw0i-ICYMsh2FmXCtthKtjySw8w

Alissa:
I am pretty sure that the majority of people have heard about Vlore when talking about the amazing Albanian Riviera but these cities have 
a lot more to offer except for the enchanting sea and extraordinary beaches.
Inside of every Albanian city there hides an ancient history and culture. 
Some destinations in Vlora:
	1. Kanine Castle
	It can be found approximately 6km away from Vlora. Its name has been mentioned as early as the fourth century.
	In this castle there have been found proof from the Illyrian byzantine, and Turkish periods. 
	It is situated in the top of a hill approximately 380m above the sea level and it has an area of 36000 square meters. 
	2. Gjon Bocari's Castle
	Gjon Bocari's castle located in Tragjas is one of the most important culutral monuments in Vlore. 
	It was built in a hill near Dukat's field, Tragjas and the famous village Radhime, which made possible the observation of the streets that lead to Llogara and Saint Gjergj. 
	It is an architectural masterpiece that represents wonderfully the style of the 16th century, with ceiling higher than 4 meters and square with two polygonal towers at the north and east corners,
	while the single entrance, is located in the middle of one of the narrow sides of the quadrangle.
	3. Porto Palermo Castle
	This is one of the most famous castles in this zone probably because of its geographic position. It is mistaken quite often as a castle built from one the most notorious albanian rulers during the 19th century but this is untrue. 
	It is believed that it has been built from the venetians since it has a lot of similarities with the triangular design with round towers found in the venetian fort at Butrint. Back to the geographic position,  it is located in a nearly island, 
	in between of Qeparo and Himare, that is connected to the mainland by a narrow strip of land.
	4. The monastery of St. Mary
	5. Marimoroi's Church
	6. The Catholic Church of Vlora
	7. Muradie's Mosque

Some gorgeous bays include Orikum and Radhime but some lost and not easily accessible bays may be some of the best findings in Albania.
All you need is a small boat and you will have the best calming days of your life chilling in the splendid beaches of the Albanian Rivera.
Some hidden bays include:
	1. Bay of Grama
	Grama Bay has served as a haven for ships in distress along this dangerous coast in difficult weather conditions. 
	This bay initially served as an area of local stone exploitation, in large quarries, traces of which can still be seen today on both slopes.
	The name of Grama is clearly associated with the engraved inscriptions that in antiquity, the rock inscriptions were numerous in the bay of Grama,
	there are counted more than 1500 inscriptions, the Greek inscriptions are more ancient and belong to the last centuries before Christ, followed by some Latin inscriptions of the imperial period, 
	before medieval Greek was predominant with inscriptions that most often refer to Jesus Christ.
	2. English bay
	English Bay is one of the natural beauties that Karaburuni offers. Hidden in the southern part of the peninsula, the bay can be visited through boat trips. The strategic position has made it also a haven for fishermen in case of danger.
	3. Dafina Bay
	Dafina Bay is one of the most special natural beauties that Karaburun Peninsula offers.
	A tourist who has explored Dafina Bay over the weekend says about this experience that, "you do not have to travel very far to visit this wonderful place called Dafina Bay which is located in the western part of Karaburun Natural Park".
	4.Zhanpovel Beach
	Zhanpovel Beach is among the lesser-known gems of the Albanian coast.
	Like Grama Bay, this beach is located on the largest peninsula in Albania. Karaburun coastline is 70km long and it is home to stunning beaches and natural monuments.
	However, the lack of water makes life in the peninsula difficult. The lack of infrastructure has kept beaches as Zhanpovel protected from human impact. The beach can be reached by land if you follow Orikum Marina-Karaburun itinerary or 
	by boat starting from the coasts of Orikum, Rradhima, or Vlora.
	5.Gjipe 
	Gjipe Beach is a rare place in the Albanian Riviera.
	It is located between Vuno and Ilias villages and can be reached by land through a narrow path or by boat.
	This setting is special because of the canyon that begins at Petasma waterfall, about 75 meters high.
	The beach has a length of 4 km and a maximum height of 70 meters. Gjipe Beach is a must-visit.
	6.Filikuri Beach
	Filikuri is a small and intimate beach in Himara area. It is located between Potami and Llaman beaches and it is surrounded by high cliffs. 
	The beach can be reached by boat or kayak. Take enough food and water with you if you plan to spend a few hours in Filikuri.
	7.Kakome Bay
	Kakome is located next to Krorez Beach. It used to be one of the most beautiful summer destinations in southern Albania until it was closed as private property. 
	Now the beach can be accessed only by boat.
	8.Dry tree(Pema e thate) Beach
	Pema e Thate is a small beach near Ksamil. A big sign in Ksamil says that Pema e Thate is just one km away, but it is about five km away. It faces Corfu Island and it’s also the closest point between Albania and the Island.
	This beach is different from the other beaches in southern Albania due to its shallow waters, a fact that makes it a perfect bathing place for children.



Holti:


Dibër

Tourist attractions in Dibër
-	The Old Bazaar (Pazari I Vjeter)
Peshkopi, the heart of the entire Dibra district, has succeeded in preserving an older style, best exemplified by its old neighborhood named the “Bazaar.” People from Dibër are well-known in Albania for their building skills and for their hard-working ethic.
In the old neighborhood, the visitor can find traditional, hand-crafted products alongside agricultural or dairy and meat products that are untreated by chemical products. The older craftsmen make rare items like opinga (traditional shoes)
or shajak (rough, woolen overcoat), items which are worn during the harsh winters of the region.

-	The Black Drin (Drini I Zi)
Right under the foot of the bridge of Fushë-Muhurri, you will find the river-beach of the same name. From Peshkopi, it takes only 25 minutes to reach this remote haven, where you can refresh your mind and body from the heat of the summer.
The Black Drin River gives locals the opportunity to have their very own, beautiful “beach” without having to go down to the southern Riviera or to the western coast of Albania. Indeed, it is a very refreshing spot, as the Black Drin’s waters are clean and fresh and one can enjoy swimming and sunbathing there all day.

-	Thermal Baths (Ujrat termale)
The thermal baths of Peshkopi have been famous for quite a while due to their long existence. Created from rich thermal springs at temperatures of up to 40 degrees Celsius, their flow remains unchanged throughout the year, containing a normal level of sulfuric content.
Treatments in the thermal bath of Dibër offer unique rehabilitation properties such as regenerating tissue and curing rheumatic diseases or skin infections, among other things. Near the thermal baths, there are many hotels and guesthouses. It is here and in the several traditional restaurants
of the area that you can try Dibër’s famous jufka (buttered, light pasta) and sheqerpare, a melt-in-your mouth, buttery cookie-like dessert that is drenched in syrup.

-	Korab Mountain (Mali I Korabit)
Mali i Korabit (Korab Mountain) is the tallest peak in Albania, at 2,764m above the sea level. It’s part of the Korab-Koritnik Natural Park. The Korab mountain is very attractive to visitors,who are able to climb the tallest peak and find rare natural attractions such as the Korabi fields, the Shehu hill, the black lake, etc.
There are many different activities visitors can partake in such as hiking, camping, horse riding, etc. Near the mountain range of Korabi you can find the touristic village of Radomir, which has been chosen as one of the 100 tourist villages in Albania. 

-	Glacial lakes in Lurë and Kacni
The glacial lakes in Lurë and Kacni are a group of 21 lakes that lie in the northern part of Dibër. They are located in the glacial cirques of the Lura mountain range, at about 2,200-2,475m above sea level. Their shores are steep and rocky, surrounded by pine and beech trees that grow around the lakes due to the high altitude.
Most of the lakes are part of the National Park of Lura, which is known for being an area with great biodiversity value. 

-	Dibra Museum
The museum is in the center of Peshkopi, about 30 meters from the main boulevard. Its exhibits include the pavilion of history, archeology, and ethnography, which describes all the historical material of Dibër from the Neolithic period till today. The archeological exhibit has a small collection of copper and iron weapons from the Illyrian period.
This museum has around 2,000 very valuable objects, some of which very rare, starting from archeological objects such as clay pots, firearms, swords, personal objects of historical figures and different clothes and outfits from different regions of Dibër. About 80% of items displayed in the museum are original.

-	Skanderbeg and the Kastrioti Family Museum
Dibra is the birthplace of Skanderbeg, the national hero of Albania. The museum of Skanderbeg and the Kastrioti family is located in the village Sinë. It was built in 1985 and it documents the battles Skanderbeg fought in
and the history and traditions of the Kastrioti family, from which the area around the museum got its name. In the museum entrance, there are statues of Pal, Gjon and Gjergj Kastrioti and weapons that were used during the Skanderbeg era. Visitors can see unexplored “secrets” and legends of the birthplace of the Kastrioti family.



Traditions

-	Oda dibrane
Each fall, in the Palace of Culture, the city celebrates the “Traditional Dibran Room,” or Ottoman-style room, a great cultural and historic asset for Albania. During the festival, the visitor can see the region’s traditional costumes as well as its folk songs and dances.
In addition, photographic exhibitions are organized with works by local artists. The main boulevard of the city hosts fairs with the best food of the region. Do not leave Peshkopi without trying some of it!

-	Traditional dishes
Jufka with chicken
Jufka with chicken is a simple, healthy and delicious meal. This traditional dish of the northeastern region of Albania is one which families have enjoyed eating and serving guests for quite some time.
People from the Dibra region are immensely proud of this particular dish, one of many delicious contributions this region has given Albanian gastronomy. With the lightness of angel hair pasta and consistency of tagliatele,
jufka is sure to be loved by everyone on the table. Usually served with meat, the recipe here joins jufka with farm-fresh chicken to make a simple dish that is ready in less than an hour.

Sweets
Because of the cold, northern climate, the people of Dibra have quite the sweet tooth! Thus, a special place in this food odyssey should be reserved for Dibra’s traditional sweets. No visitor has been known to come out of Dibra without being addicted to at least one of their sweet specialties.
In fact, most of Albania’s most popular deserts come from this precise region. If you think you know what halva is, you might want to try the version from Dibra which has an entirely singular and spectacular flavor. Or the decadent but unbelievable sheqerpare, a traditional Albanian dessert that assumes its best buttery, sweet, and melt-in-your-mouth version in Dibër
Giving it a generic description like “cookies in syrup” does not even begin to describe this treasure of Albanian culinary cuisine! Baklava, revani or shëndetli, are some other, no less scrumptious, national desserts that you cannot skip while visiting their place of origin.


Kukës

Tourist attractions in Kukës
-	Valbona valley
The Valbona Valley is a valley of rivers, spectacular waterfalls, and endless forests under the shade of the surrounding high peaks. In this spectacular setting, organic, farm-fresh products and clear air seemingly add years to your life.
This natural wonder offers a rare sense of tranquility and beauty, that is not to be missed by those looking for the most awe-inspiring of Albania’s natural treasures. Located at the very centre of the Dinaric Alps, some of the most impressive peaks are located here, including Jezerca (2694 m) and Kollata (2556 m).
Meanwhile, the crystalline Valbona River flows for approximately 50 km along the valley floor, surrounded by beautiful beech, oak, and pine forests. Recently, Valbona has also become huge attraction during the winter months. Many tourists head to Valbona to get involved with winter sports such as skiing, or to simply admire Valbona’s snow-covered beauty.

-	The old and new city
The ruins of old Kukës, otherwise known as underwater Kukës, are found (you guessed it!) underwater, as it was flooded from Fierza Lake in 1978. However, because of the draughts in 2012, some parts of the old city reappeared and can be viewed to this day.
During the same period, the new city of Kukës was under construction. This is the Kukës we know today.

-	The underground city
Fewer people may have heard about the underground city. This one was constructed under the foundations of the new city as a shelter from potential attacks during the communist period in Albania. Designed to be a full-fledged city, the underground Kukës was meant to include a hospital, government offices, army quarters and residential areas.
The tunnels that run through this underground space have several entryways, located in different neighborhoods scattered throughout town. Constructed by the state during the Communist regime, the city is located 30 meters below ground level, accessed by spiraled staircases.
This underground treasure became a topic of conversation post-90s and its establishment as a touristic destination is well underway. 

Traditions
-	Handicrafts
Kukës is known for their handicrafts and for the production of carpets and tapestry. We can mention the carpet of Lumë, composed with concentric circles around a white double-headed eagle, and the red carpet of Gora, which have original value and can serve as a tourist object.
The Kuksian carpet has the shape of a rectangle and it is used for room decoration. There are also other handicrafts such as rock and wood carving, etc.

-	Traditional cuisine
The people of Kukës are proud of their unique products that theiy offer to guests, such as the fish of Fierza lake, raki made from grapes or plums, chestnut honey, flija (a type of byrek cooked in a fire, potato dishes, etc.
